 i am applying for financial aid because i am student and i don't have any specific income source and my parents cant effort for paying for my course.
I don't really have money to afford joining top world universities, i had no job and my family income is low.
I plan on adding any certificates I've attained to all my applications/resume.
I need all the  help I can get to land a job,Tricky to prove though.
it is very difficult for my dad to manage home as well as my tuition fee.
All the money he has been savings goes for the payment of our fees. he triea his best for his education.I was referred to this course by one of my classmate.I checked the syllabus and found it interesting. Apart of that it is a great opportunity for me to learn from the professors from the world-class universities like stanford university.I dont want to miss this opportunity but at same time, it's very  difficult for me to ask my parents for financial help as they have done enough for me.
I kindly request  coursera through this platform to consider my application and grant me financial aid to complete this course.I promise i wont take this opportunity as granted and work hard to learn more and more.

                

I really want to learn and progress in my career. programming requires constant learning and improving. Taking this course will help me to learn and study python programming, also to implement and python is extremely capable language that many software developers find it worthwhile to learn. Its portability (cross-platform) and ease of use, as well as its accessibility to new programmers, make it an extremely attractive solution to many programming problems and applications.It can help me advance in my knowledge. this course will help me in understanding and writing program on my own, I'm taking this course for my job resume.  This certificate will be valuable in my higher study education regarding in this field.Also have plan to appear for GRE. After 1 year, I want to enrolled in some top universities for MS course in Artificial Intelligence. The experience in Industry will further enhance my chances to get a better university.